---
  title: Alpha version 5
  description: Our fifth prototype (not yet tested).
  date: 2022-08-12
  screenshots:
    items:
      - text: "Family hubs user flow"
        src: fh-user-flow.png
      - text: "Services and groups user flow"
        src: services-and-groups-user-flow.png
      - text: "Online information and advice user flow"
        src: online-information-and-advice-user-flow.png
      - text: "Home page with three columns layout"
        src: home-page-three-columns.png
      - text: "Find a family hub page"
        src: find-a-family-hub-page.png
      - text: "Family hub results page"
        src: family-hub-results-page-s5.png
---

## Content

On the find services overview page, we rewrote text here to focus on services and not mention family hubs. This was in response to user feedback that the text on this page was too much about family hubs, which misled users who want to search for services not hubs.

On the sleep advice page, we changed the 'Find local support with your child’s sleep' link at the bottom to 'Search for local support'. This was in response to user research finding we need to reduce expectation here as the link takes users back to a generic search page and we don’t want them to be jolted by that.

On the homepage, we added new text under the bullet list: 'Choose an option below to find out more'. This was because some users weren’t sure if they could click on the bullet points and find more information - we were trying to make it clear how they could find out more.

On the 'What is a family hub page', under 'Where are family hubs?', we changed libraries to community centres. This was in response to feedback from a user who was confused because he attends what is essentially a children’s centre but it’s called a community centre and it’s in a community centre building. It seemed that community centre is potentially a key word, more so than libraries.

We added a new 'popular search' example on breastfeeding support. We gave this a heading - 'Your nearest services and groups for breastfeeding support'- which does not mention 'for families, children and young people' (because breastfeeding support is not for children) and specifies the kind of support the user has searched for (breastfeeding). We pre-suggested the age range selection to 0-5 for breastfeeding, on the assumption we would A/B test pre-selecting age ranges.

In the age boxes across the site, we added 'Parents and carers' to the options.





