app/posts/2022-09-22-mvp-version1.md, before:

---
  title: MVP version 1 for testing
  description: How we have designed our first MVP prototype for testing.
  date: 2022-09-22 
  screenshots:
    items:
    - text: "Family hub user flow"
      src: family-hub-user-flow.png
    - text: "Home page MVP 1"
      src: home_page.png
    - text: "Enter the postcode screen with a validation message example"
      src: enter-postcode-mvp1.png
    - text: "Family hub results screen example"
      src: results-screen-mvp1.jpg
    - text: "Services and groups user flow"
      src: services-and-groups-user-flow.png
    - text: "Enter postcode"
      src: find-services-or-groups-enter-postcode.jpg
    - text: "Choose category of services"
      src: what-type-of-service-would-you-like.jpg
    - text: "Choose sub-category"
      src: choose-sub-category.jpg
    - text: "Results page with filters"
      src: results-page.jpg
---

## MVP version 1 for testing

### MVP versions 1 and 2

One big design question for the team right now is: should searches for family hubs and services/groups be separated? Do users see a difference between these and do they care about the difference? 

For the last few weeks we have focused on a coded prototype (MVP version 1), in which users can choose on the homepage between searching for a family hub and searching for services and groups.

We plan next to build and test a prototype (MVP version 2) in which the search for family hubs and services/groups are integrated into one single search.

We will test both versions and see what users prefer.

### How we have designed MVP 1

We have redrafted content from Alpha throughout, including the homepage, search pages, results pages and bad journeys. 

The main challenge from a content perspective has been how to make the separation of family hubs and services/groups make sense to users. 

We have tried to strike a balance. We don't distract users with a policy-driven focus on family hubs, but we give some basic information to distinguish what family hubs offer (a 'welcoming place to go', a 'good place to start'), versus a search for services and groups ('if you're looking for a specific type of support'). 

We hope this will help users pick one search or the other and be able to find the information they need. We will see how this goes in user testing soon.

### How we added caveats

We decided to test how users will respond to some caveats on the search pages, under the 'Enter postcode' boxes. For example, the caveats on the search page for services and groups reads: 

'As this service is new, not all local authority services will be listed. If there are no services or groups listed in your area, you will be signposted to your council website. Some services are only available to local residents.'

### How we drafted the content for listings

We already had an existing user journey focused on infant feeding. We added a second user journey for testing, where the user searches for help with a child's behaviour and sees a new listings page with services for behaviour support.

The content used for all the directory listings in the prototype so far is sourced from desk research into Salford's actual family hubs and services wherever possible. 

In some cases, we have had to simplify information for MVP. For example, where in real life there is only an online contact form or no email address to contact a service, we have made up a dummy email address. Or where a service takes place in real life across a complex range of locations, online and offline, at different times and in different ways, we have made up simpler dummy information - as we can only display one address and 'service' for each listing at this time. 

Where Salford doesn't appear to offer something we think users might reasonably expect to find in a search result during testing, we have made up a service based on what another LA family hub offers - for example, a behaviour support workshop for parents - using dummy contact details.


### Other updates we have made

We have:

* added temporary placeholder categories based on user research and desk research in Alpha
*	added blank postcode and category error messages
*	decided to use the term ‘infant feeding’ not ‘breastfeeding’ - policy use 'infant feeding' and it seems more inclusive, but we will see what users say in testing
* decided not to flag up childcare - which is not part of the family hubs service - for now (it wasn’t a big issue for users in Alpha - we will test without it initially)
* made the 'bad journey' pages more consistent
* made the search pages more consistent

Commit message:

added new post on journey 2 and updated post on journey 1 with 'journey 1' terminology

app/posts/2022-09-22-mvp-version1.md, after:

---
  title: MVP journey 1 for testing
  description: How we have designed our first MVP prototype for testing.
  date: 2022-09-22 
  screenshots:
    items:
    - text: "Family hub user flow"
      src: family-hub-user-flow.png
    - text: "Home page MVP 1"
      src: home_page.png
    - text: "Enter the postcode screen with a validation message example"
      src: enter-postcode-mvp1.png
    - text: "Family hub results screen example"
      src: results-screen-mvp1.jpg
    - text: "Services and groups user flow"
      src: services-and-groups-user-flow.png
    - text: "Enter postcode"
      src: find-services-or-groups-enter-postcode.jpg
    - text: "Choose category of services"
      src: what-type-of-service-would-you-like.jpg
    - text: "Choose sub-category"
      src: choose-sub-category.jpg
    - text: "Results page with filters"
      src: results-page.jpg
---

## MVP journey 1 for testing

### MVP journeys 1 and 2

One big design question for the team right now is: should searches for family hubs and services/groups be separated? Do users see a difference between these and do they care about the difference? 

For the last few weeks we have focused on a coded prototype (MVP journey 1), in which users can choose on the homepage between searching for a family hub and searching for services and groups.

We plan next to build and test a prototype (MVP journey 2) in which the search for family hubs and services/groups are integrated into one single search.

We will test both versions and see what users prefer.

### How we have designed MVP journey 1

We have redrafted content from Alpha throughout, including the homepage, search pages, results pages and bad journeys. 

The main challenge from a content perspective has been how to make the separation of family hubs and services/groups make sense to users. 

We have tried to strike a balance. We don't distract users with a policy-driven focus on family hubs, but we give some basic information to distinguish what family hubs offer (a 'welcoming place to go', a 'good place to start'), versus a search for services and groups ('if you're looking for a specific type of support'). 

We hope this will help users pick one search or the other and be able to find the information they need. We will see how this goes in user testing soon.

### How we added caveats

We decided to test how users will respond to some caveats on the search pages, under the 'Enter postcode' boxes. For example, the caveats on the search page for services and groups reads: 

'As this service is new, not all local authority services will be listed. If there are no services or groups listed in your area, you will be signposted to your council website. Some services are only available to local residents.'

### How we drafted the content for listings

We already had an existing user journey focused on infant feeding. We added a second user journey for testing, where the user searches for help with a child's behaviour and sees a new listings page with services for behaviour support.

The content used for all the directory listings in the prototype so far is sourced from desk research into Salford's actual family hubs and services wherever possible. 

In some cases, we have had to simplify information for MVP. For example, where in real life there is only an online contact form or no email address to contact a service, we have made up a dummy email address. Or where a service takes place in real life across a complex range of locations, online and offline, at different times and in different ways, we have made up simpler dummy information - as we can only display one address and 'service' for each listing at this time. 

Where Salford doesn't appear to offer something we think users might reasonably expect to find in a search result during testing, we have made up a service based on what another LA family hub offers - for example, a behaviour support workshop for parents - using dummy contact details.


### Other updates we have made

We have:

* added temporary placeholder categories based on user research and desk research in Alpha
*	added blank postcode and category error messages
*	decided to use the term ‘infant feeding’ not ‘breastfeeding’ - policy use 'infant feeding' and it seems more inclusive, but we will see what users say in testing
* decided not to flag up childcare - which is not part of the family hubs service - for now (it wasn’t a big issue for users in Alpha - we will test without it initially)
* made the 'bad journey' pages more consistent
* made the search pages more consistent
