---
  title: Alpha version 3
  description: Our third prototype.
  date: 2022-08-12
  screenshots:
    items:
      - text: "Home page"
        src: home-page-s3.png
      - text: "Family hubs results page"
        src: family-hubs-results-s3.png
---

## Content

We changed 'common issues' wording from ‘support’  to ‘advice’ and from 'issues' to 'topics'. The reason was that we thought common topics would just be national level advice, not support (from which you can go on to search for actual local support). And they are more topics than issues (issues suggests something wrong).

We removed age categories for now - we made it so users will search by topic instead (which could also include ages or stages eg ‘babies’, ‘teenagers’, pregnancy’ as well as  ‘weaning’, potty training’ etc.) User research found people were a bit confused by age categories and what would go in what age bracket - it seems more fluid not defining by age. We added these (age / stage / topic searches) as ‘popular searches’ too. We tried to group common topics  into 6 big categories which could have sub categories.

Users felt teens and young adults should have their own route, as some users will be young adults. We made this a common topic, and they could now search for ‘teenagers’ in the keyword box.

We added ‘bad journey’ wording.

The cards for services and FHs were just basic trial wording - we hadn’t really discussed in depth or researched yet about what users would expect to see here.

The common topic example was now on sleep as this is a nearly universal parenting issue. The minimal wording here is copied from the NHS website - we couldn't see us having expressly written content on every type of issue (due to duplication issues and the time and expertise it would take to write) so we were assuming this content would be taken from NHS or other trusted sites.

